well Al jazer as Tark Abu AUM joins us
live now from Rafa in southern Gaza T's
are dozens more people killed in Israeli
air strikes right across Gaza since
yesterday tell us more tar about what's
been
happening yes uh today we just woke up
on the sound of the fighter jets
hovering of the sky of Rafa District
which uh today over which yesterday
overnight it has been widely bounded by
an Israeli fighter jet that struck a
residential building where 12
Palestinians have been reported killed
and the attack had been conducted in an
area that is very close to rafah
Crossing across the Egyptian uh borders
and this is a part of the ongoing
military attacks on rafah District
earlier where the the Eastern areas had
also been exposed to different artillery
Shilling that had targeted empty empty
agricultural lands uh in the eastern
part of the district now also the
attacks on the uh kanun City contined as
uh we have been uh receiving different
uh reports and appeals from people
regarding the expansion of heavy gunfire
exchange between the Palestinian
Fighters and the Israeli soldiers on the
downtime where it means that there is a
military operations had been conducted
in a particular part of kanun City
between uh the Israeli soldiers and the
Palestinian Fighters and it's also as a
part of the ongoing military campaign to
take full control by the Israeli
military of the city of kanu we are
talking about constant destruction of
residential buildings and civil
infrastructure there as there are some
people is still in kanun is being
trapped unable to leave uh alongside
with a very large number of victims and
injured people are still right now under
the rles without receiving any
evacuation help by the civil defense
Crews uh inside khuna City due to the
unrelenting C circle of destruction of
course in that City in the southern part
of the territory
yeah and T as we've been reporting
horrendous conditions at the alaxa
hospital which has now run out of
fuel yes uh that's completely true the
alaka hospital yesterday has completely
uh suffered from black a complete
blackout uh of electricity and today
earlier there are different videos
emerged from the location of the
hospital showing the sound of heavy fire
uh Gun Exchange between the uh the
Palestinian Fighters and the Israeli
soldiers were also military attacks had
been conducted on the vicinity of the
hospital in the past hour now a
residential building on the vicinity of
the hospital had been targeted as also
the medical teams are struggling to
provide medical treatment and the
ongoing blackout of telecommunication uh
on these areas due to the uh widescale
destruction and aggression that had been
launched by Israel and uh the the
situation there is getting beer hour
difficult and more worse as the Israel
is trying to expand its military
operation that it's completely far away
from the hospital only hundreds of
meters all right TK abaz live for us
there in Rafa in southern Gaza TK thank
you